+	I don't understand how so many people have battery problems here. I haven't experienced any of them. My G3 D855 came with lollipop. You must have a faulty battery or using heavy apps. Unless all other variants except the D855 are faulty. My advice is to stick with V5.0 don't do any updates not even 5.02 until 6.0 is out.
+	this device is best...it gets a bit hot when playing games but nonetheless it's a great experience
+	I think its a good buy for the price and very durable phone
+	Excellent phone, I buy an French model made in Korea. How can I clean a cash system memory???
+	The best phone I have ever owned!!!It is just amazing and so comfortable!The UI needs some work but I hope it will be fixed in the marshmallow update.I really reomende this phone to anybody
+	Its a battery issue. Mine also used to happen the same.so i replaced the battery and now everything is fine. No restarts whatsover.
+	As I said previously, I did not encounter any heat problems with my G3, now I have it since 2 weeks and I really like it, I have very few lag, and milli second really, My screen is nice it doesn't have any real tint, yellow or other, the camera as I said is awesome , really fast and crisp for a phone, I have nothing more to say , I really enjoy it and I don't regret my purchase
+	I had this phone on OS 5.0 and I do not encounter any heating problem like some state! however a new OS 6.0 come out in two week time. There are no problem with the battery or lagging issue! If you having it on wireless charging then there will be some heat as any other wireless charger since the transfer of energy will generated heat! :)
+	Ive got my LG G3 32Go 3Go ram : since one week now, I am a moderate user, few calls, plenty of SMS , few games, solitaire and jewel quest 5, average photo taker, few internet browsing...my battery stay easily 2 days, during the night it loose 1% !!! so far so good ...the screen is nice my wife has a Z3 and yes her screen is a little bit better but even in full light I can see my screen perfectly, so again so far so good.the camera is awsome again compare to the 20Mp of the Z3 mine is faster , charper , I am talking about basic picture I mean without any setting just out of the box now you can always set it the way you want, but again very pleasant to use.now the UI , yes from taime to time it seems that there is few hold , a micro second or so , but the interface is as pleasant to use as samsung for instance, I got a note 3 so I know what I am talking about ... again so far so good... I have android 5.0.the buttons in the back are easy to use I didnt get any problems to adapt my myself to that.
+	Dude,the phone is awesome!especially for that price too. I bought like 4 months ago and dont regret it. Everything is good about it, the battery life, display, camera and it runs really fast, even when u have many apps open at the same time. The only down side is that there isnt soo much space to put in ur pocket if u have skinny jeans on lol. I recommend the gold one, looks amazing! :D
+	Got mine summer of 2015 and love it. It was well after the G4 same out so it was pretty much free as an upgrade phone. They only thing that would make it better would be a stylus imo. They have some nice aftermarket styluses you can buy but the good ones are a little pricey. Learned how to make my own capacitive stylus and am using them with good results. The only way to get a better phone right now is shell out a lot more money. You might get 3 more megapixels on camera. But considering it has a laser range finder for focus I have nothing less than spectacular results. The time to get this phone is now so hurry up unless money is no object.
+	I really like the G3. Though, despite the large battery, I find my G3 seems to die a lot. And when charging it can take up to five hours! Other than the battery though I find it works great.
+	Hi guys I hear a lot of people complaining about the lg g3 laggin so much well I found a solution that might help a lot of you as it worked for me just follow these hidden settings/features. My G3 is very fast and smooth I'm on kit Kat I suffered the lag too I tried everything possible all the apps and factory reset I'm gona leave a link it's easy it doesn't need root and its safe good luck 
+	Really I loved this phone so much, In the past I was hating any android phones because I was using iPhone along with iOS system.
+	But when I got this phone I loved android phones and LG products also. Now I am using all the time and I didn't notice any bad features.I enjoyed with the camera and the high performance battery, but the most noticed this is the amazing screen quality, it is the best at all. I am intending to don't change LG brand, Now I am thinking to upgrade to LG V10 when it will be available in my country.
+	Just upgraded my LG G2 to G3 , im very happy at the moment, only for the few cosmetic problems around the mic. Its seems common problem with G3 too bad it was brand new anymore, but if LG would change it, i will be happy :)
+	No problem ever auto focus camera lens in smartphone make little sound when u shake it because auto focus camera lens little bi move able when it focus thats why its no any problem to the camera .i checked this in almost all phone .
+	Been using this phone for 8 months now and its incredible! If you want better battery life lower brightness & dont play heavy games. I did notice the D855 32GB model has fewer factory faults as well. Ive been able to play any game without lag & havnt notice any issues so far. If you get lag in the UI just speed up the animations or put them off & it will run like a beast. As for lollipop, my phone came with it & it works fine I dont see any problems yet.
+	A very good phone
+	very good phone
+	LG G3 is better 
+	Very good quality for small price. The camera is excelente, the screen imagem very good, wi-fi is the best. Very light, about 150gr
+	Just bought this phone last night, after only 24 hours use I feel I can say THIS PHONE IS AWESOME
+	m soo happy with LG G3 16gb... It did all what i expect from it... Only the negative point is its battery timing... I think bcoz of its highly efficent display... It doesnt matter... Bcoz i love this...
+	I dropped my phone in water. And it still works perfectly fine
+	looks great with great screen 
+	I agree, no other phone feels this good in the hand and has this thin bezel. BUt yes the software is abit laggy, im waiting for the Android M update and hoping it will resolve the issue
+	This is a great phone held back by poor software. Ive used its rival the galaxy S5 & you can notice it runs faster & smoother than the G3. The software is also much more optimized when compared to the G3. Dual windows supports more apps, S5 has more setting tweaks. Finally this phone is amazing but LG couldv made it better.
+	This phone is AMAZING. Don't know why some people complain about different things. If you know how to take care of your phone, the phone will take care of you. Don't install all kind of apps, clean from time to time, do a factory reset from time to time, update and everything should be OK.This phone is fast, beautiful screen, battery is good, looks awesome and is very cheap.
+	I have this phone since Dec 2014. I have no major issue with the phone except sometimes I tried to double tap the screen which should turn on the screen but it ends up on for 1 second and turn itself off again. I had to try a few times in order to get it working. Other than that, I have no bluetooth issue and battery life is okay (1 to 2 days per charge, with data usage + web browsing for an hour ot two = 1 day/ charge. 
+	Excellent phone. The LG hardware is the best out there on par with the Apple for look and feel. LG software is good quality (email,calculator,tv remote), LG default themes are very child-like but once you de-clutter and customise it they are great devices.
+	i enjoy my phone whole day. read and listen first before update. make a research.
+	the phone is great its never slow no lag. but the battery is not the best under heavy use you can see the battery % going down really fast.
+	Yes Camera is Fabulous !!!
+	You can buy this . its awesome phone . great battery and features .
+	Go for g3 dude!!
+	Everything is well except mobile hotspot function. When I try it. Message comes"Authentication was unsuccessful
+	G3 has nice camera
+	I give 101 out of 100 for look
+	it depends on how much u r planning to use this phone for watching and playing games. btw, i dont play much or watch many movies on phones. So m not the r8 person to ask. but according to my usage; which includes watsapp, facebook on all the tym, 4g and gps on all the tym, some casual gaming that too sometimes and offcourse music; dis phone lasts a day easily with around 20-25% battery left.Hope it answers ur ques, else ask the right person who spends majority of tym watching or playing games on G3.
+	I hav been using g3 since june and m loving each and every day. Buy the 3gb ram version.
+	I've bought this phone about 4 months ago. 1st 2 months with this phone were awesome
+	I have owned this phone for 6 months. Great all round phone, body to size ratio is one of the best around, screen is nice and crisp, battery life is around 4-5 hours of on screen time, Will last 20 - 24 hours with moderate to heavy use, don't use it much for gaming as I prefer my ps4.I have the 32gb 3gb of ram model. Brightness I keep at 60% no auto brightness. Rear facing speaker is ok but could be louder. For the price a great phone and with the confirmed update to 6.0 coming pretty future proof.
+	I Purchased G3 D858 Dual LTE a few days ago. Its an amazing smartphone. Has a superb processor speed, Rich resolution, software with an awesome user interface having rich features, powerful camera. Battery life is far above than what people are commenting for. So for I didn't find any issue with its performance. I found this set top most of all the smartphones like lumia, p lite, xperia, even I found it far better than note 3.
+	I bought this phone. I can say just I LOVE IT. Before i was have a Sony z3 i can say its a also good phone but i chose to goo for LG G3. Many people say that this phone have a lot problem but why i dont have it? They say Battery problem but i dont see that problem. If you play a games of course batery will drain normaly
+	g3 is flagship phone and still future proof phone. The build quality, looks, Music quality, Camera, Screen are just great. If u can buy g3, blindly buy it dude. 
+	I hav been using g3 since june dis year and m just living each n everyday wid it. its an awesome phone
+	Yes it is a bit dim under sunlight, but i don't mind. About gaming i don't play games on my g3( battery). On paper 2k screen seems spectacular, but really i don't see much of a difference with a 1080p lg g2. Its just specs. Overall the g3 ok for its price and honestly it has features which should be standard on all android phones. As i said if you don't buy the g3 aim higher.
+	best phone ever i had it about 1 week.. I love it.. Smart genious very fast and awesome display battery is amazing for those who say that the battery is bad i want to tell you that its a long life battery just keep your brightness on AUTO no freeze no faults 32 gega also is much better with 3G of ram i just love it
+	Hi i see your delima, i have the g3 its a great phone except the battery. If you plan to play games then this is not a phone for you. G3 has excellent standby time but on heavy us it trains very fast. 
+	i agreed its really a best battery superb phn it is like it alot have cat6 to faster
+	LG g3 battery is best it gives almost 34 hour backup on normal use
+	best mob for lg g3
+	Now its a good phone also, but i read anout bad softer hi have a lolipop
+	I am using LG G3,2GB Ram version.Everything is very good
+	I got a LG G3 2GB of RAM. I really enjoy it. 
+	I love this phone and it's not a bad choice esp when it will get Android 6.0 soon
+	it works very smooth no lags, heating is a mild even i play heavy games with wifi and sometimes data connection.im very happy to have this kind of phone lots of features. dula window is a wiiner and knock2 code as well. and i charge it at almost 1 1/2 hours and sometimes 2hrs. when i play a lot draining the battery is not kind of fast.
+	no lags, no heating issue. very smooth
+	I love this phone think its one of the best
+	I play lots of games on my G3, I tried Modern Combat 5, Leo's fortune, Implosion, Nova 3, WWE Immortals, shadow fight 2, it can play all these games without any issues, Snapdragon 801 handles it very well,
+	Nope, no battery or heating issues so far, get the phone, experience the features, you won't regret
+	there is no overheating issues with 808 processor.
+	Battery is not good I agree, QHD display consumes a lot battery, on a heavy usage I get around 3 hrs of SOT, not bad :), recently purchased One plus 2 and you have to believe me, G3 is a lot better.
+	Go with LG G3, no second thought about it






















